hello there Wonder guy here with another
episode of the Ehlo climb and once again
my beloved Jace was banned so I had to
pick up gangplank I guess a team are in
the top lane because T my fucking hurts
gangbangers ringo comes into the top
lane for a gang die jungs Dominguez they
moved up the slower as I walk in and I
popped the parlay picking up the kill
for the first blood just before Lisa and
picks up Israel thus denying in the
first blood Wrangler has been paying
attention the world's top but leasing
dive down and comes on to me with the
exhaust and I raised around slowly
walking away as regular comes in and
tries to get on to team mode as the
board is dropped and the team are
mushroom popped a guy dives through the
bushes and keeps going and diving again
on steam over it's not quite gonna be
enough I don't really catch up i don't
have boots and i don't really have any
manner but uh apparently is my fault
apparently but you know Willie will let
him have his rage will then move is
ready I've informed that i have no
ultram at this time because it's what we
could assume that i have it and it comes
annie potts & mushroom ties on to the
grits again and gets a shoe bolus thing
on 2 t-mo and goes straight invisible is
not chasing after him life following as
well we got the 5 on the team with a
double q is Timo flashes might hop run
and get the parlay and move on to lease
it slowing it nice and dandy nice and
slow is now rengar rengar may I raise
morale you and you don't even make an
attempt they make an attempt to dodge
lee sin's q no attempt at all
but um I'll tell you now that's
apparently my fall and you see see the
rage gun as apparently my father he
didn't do anything her bum you know what
they love it limit I could have got in
front of him apparently of noise behind
be sin but um yeah apparently apparently
butter is just people i said in the
listing convince me dancin guys pass the
tower and not sleep well out the way as
I just exhausted and basically and
forced to fight him couple all attacks
in just enough to let the tower kill him
I mean I died but I got something back
from it now apparently apparently I'm
doing bad top even though I've got three
gold providing I'm well on my way to 20
force yeah it's it's one of those things
rengar is a little bit but her because
he died top and he's not even ganking
tough anymore so more for him because
this team Oh spent the entire game
pushed up as we go finally into some
sort of team fight and they should drop
out their anger gets nuked up fuck our
job and chased down we go to the Alister
try and do the best we can we can't redo
much them to move around and get onto
the team oh that rengar dives on what we
could have escaped 30 videos i would
like chase runty mode because i can't
really do if he also got a white flash
there and i fall i tackled avian kill
him that's a triple kill for TMO it's
just it's just really depressing
I put rendered but he is a next level
Raider I mean everyone had had enough of
him on the team but um you get these
people sometimes I think her I think and
then oh this is an obvious trap mr.
Arcon as you move into and I didn't even
think about it don't even think about
his reign guy comes in as well I should
have kept running there but it's the end
of the game we are not winning this at
all at all as I just popped a surrender
because you know what you know what
there's just no we had fiddles mid
fiddlesticks thank you just depressing I
try so hard I really do and sometimes
it's just not meant to be I mean I was
the only one in double-figure farm 10.4
not even that far off for honey other
team I mean I was only 5 K gold behind
Teemo that apparently lost to according
to him
here this game wasn't good not all and
neither was this one to the point where
the footage wasn't even worth cutting I
have excuse me I'm gonna go do some
cutting of my own